## Synopsis

4 operator, 12 algorithm, FM synth built with a handful of parts around the
Parallax Propeller microcontroller.

## Motivation

The Propeller is a strangely versatile microcontroller, but it is not a DSP.
Also, I do not write DSP code in real life. I don't design or build component
level hardware. Nor am I even much of a musician.  All these factors motivated
me to take on this project.

There may also be laughably na√Øve techniques in my code due to all of these
factors, so feedback (preferably in the form of well explained patches) are
very welcome.

## Circuit Description

See circuit.txt for building details.

## Contributors

`SPI Memory Driver.spin` is available to download from Parallax and is
provided with demo code for the Propeller Memory Card in order to talk to
the W25Q32FV.

See www.parallax.com for more information about the Parallax Propeller.

## License

TERMS OF USE: MIT License                                                           

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
